https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1LpBBeZzI28dGTeHH8RZ1Zg7mIhdLIvCwff0jFdU1tTw/edit?pli=1#slide=id.g16af66d63cd_0_485
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aWCYuA6udOj7ZhVJbrV7UH4YMM9mkR5YonFxP2-fnC4/edit#slide=id.g16aee77fb65_0_413


Difference Between List and Tuple
What is Decorator? Explain it with example.
Difference Between List Comprehension and Dict Comprehension
How is Memory Managed In Python?
Difference Between Generators and Iterators
What is 'init' keyword in python?
Difference Between Modules and Packages in Python
Difference Between Range and Xrange?
What are Generators. Explain it with example.
What are inbuild data types available in Python -OR Explain Mutable and Immutable data Types

Explain Ternary Operator in Python?
What is Inheritance In Python
Difference Between Local Variable and Global Variable in Python
Explain Break, Continue and Pass Statement
What is 'self' keyword in python?
Difference Between Pickling and Unpickling?
Explain Function of List, Set, Tuple or Dictionary?
What are Python Iterators?
Explain type conversion in python. (int(), float(), ord(), oct(), str(), hex(), eval() etc.)
What does *args and **kwargs mean? expain
What is "Open" and "With" statement in python?
Different ways to read and write in a file in python?
What is Pythonpath?
How exception handled in Python. [Try, Except, Else And Finally Block]
Difference Between Python 2.0 & Python 3.0
What is PIP in python
Where is Python used?
How to use F string and format or replacement operator in Python?
How to get list of all keys in a dictionary?
Difference Between Abstration and Encapsulation.

Does Python support multiple inheritence. (Diamond Problem)
How to initialize empty List, Tuple, Dict or Set?
What are .py and .pyc files in Python
How slicing works in string manupulation. Explain [::-1]
Can you concatenate two tuples? How is it even possible to concatenate two tuples, since Tuple is Immutable data type.
Difference Between Python Arrays and Lists
Difference Between a, __a, __a_ in python?
How to read multiple value from single input? --- By Split()
How to copy and delete a dictionary
Difference Between Anonymous and Lambda function

How to achieve Multiprocessing and Multithreading in python?
What is GIL. Explain
How class and object created in python?
Explain Namespace and its types in python
Explain Recursion by Reversing a list.
What are Unittests in Python
How to use Map, filter and reduce functions in python?
Difference Between Shallow copy and deep copy
How an object be copied in python
What does term MONKEY PATCHING refer to in python?
What is operator overloading & Dunder Method.


1.what is the command to install django? To know about it  version?
2.what is the command to run a project  in django?
3.wha is the command for migrations in django?
4.what is the command to create superuser in django?
5.what is the django to view  a database schema of an existing(or legacy) database?
6.how to view all the items in the model using django queryset?
7.how to filter items in the model using django queryset?
8.how to delete/insert/update an object using queryset in django?
9.how can you combine multiple queryserts in a view?
10.exaplain django architecture? Explain model,view,templates ?
11.what is the difference between project and application in django?
12.which is the default database in the settings file in django?
13.why is django called loosely coupled framework?
14.which is the default port for the django development server?
15.explain the migration in django?
16.what is the django ORM?
17.explain how you can set up the database in django?
18.what do you mean by the CSRF token?
19.what is a queryset in django?
20.diffrence between select_related and prefetched_related in django?
21.difference between Emp.objects.filter(),Emp.objects.get(),Emp.objects.all() in django queryset?
22.which companies use Django?
23.how static files are defined in Django? Explain its configuration and uses?
24.what is the difference Flask,Django and Pyramid?
25.give a bried about the Django Admin?
26.what databases supported by Django?
27.advantage and disadvantage in django?
28.what is django shortcut method to more easily render an HTML response?
29.differene between Authentication and Authorization in django?
30.explain Q objects in Django?
31.what is the significance of the manage.py file in django?
32.what is the use of include function in the urls.py file in django?
33.what does {% include %} do in django?
34.what is Django Rest Framework(DRF)?
35.what is a session in Django?
36.what  are django signals?
37.what is context in django?
38.what are django exception?
39.what happens if Myobject.objecs.get() is called with parameters that do not match existing item in the database?
40.how to make a variable available to all the templates?
41.difference between OneToOneField and ForeignKey in django?
42.briefly explain django Field Class and its types?
43.explain how you can use file-based-sessions?
44.what is JINJA templating?
45.what is serialization in django?
46.why does django use Regular Expression to define URL’s? Is it necessary to use them?
47.what is generic views?
48.what is mixin?
49.explain the caching strategies in django?
